Yes, Xiaoyao
I know you want to help the eldest sister out
But that's too much money.
Where did you get so much money?
Don't worry, sister.
I have a great use for this factory
What's the use of the real harem factory?
Although this factory is broken
But only the Milky Way
The future market is a little bit revamped
Sure to be of great use
Canned food
What age is this?
Does anyone else eat this kind of thing?
No one eats
But it was incredibly stuffy.
And can you use the resources of your family?
Urgent, help me customize a batch of Supreme Treasure machines.
Yes, it's different.
Please also
Help connect with overseas markets
Oh, you can make money while doing this.
We can enter a foreign trade market foreign trade market
You actually assigned your targets overseas
Of course!
If we open up the foreign trade market
Tell us that no matter what is exported
Can be happier than others, right?
You are too amazing
I didn't expect your eyes to be so long
I see.
I'll go back and help you contact the machine.
Wait for my message.
Xiaoyao
Did you just say that can of food will work? Don't worry, ma'am.
As long as canned food can be made
I'm sure it can be sold all over the world.
Really right
Sister, you are the most familiar with the employees in our factory.
I'm going to make you the factory manager
When our business expands in the future
I will hand over the entire export business to you
At that time
You are the world's most famous business queen
I will be the factory manager Xiaoyao
All good things are for the eldest sister
What about the second sister?
Second sister's words
I want to make you a nationally renowned Wenyu woman
Wang still misses the name
Okay, let's go back.
Because I have a surprise to tell my eldest sister.